Update Grafana RP registration in AMW subscrption for ARM template (#103981)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-monitor/essentials/prometheus-metrics-enable.md

### Prerequisites

- Register the `AKS-PrometheusAddonPreview` feature flag in the Azure Kubernetes clusters subscription with the following command in Azure CLI: `az feature register --namespace Microsoft.ContainerService --name AKS-PrometheusAddonPreview`.

> - If the Azure Managed Grafana instance is in a subscription other than the Azure Monitor Workspaces subscription then please register the Azure Monitor Workspace subscrption with the `Microsoft.Dashboard` resource provider following this [documenation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/management/resource-providers-and-types#register-resource-provider)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the Azure Managed Grafana instance is in a subscription other than the Azure Monitor Workspaces subscription, then please register the Azure Monitor Workspace subscription with the `Microsoft.Dashboard` resource provider following this [documentation](/azure-resource-manager/management/resource-providers-and-types#register-resource-provider.md#register-resource-provider).
```
